INSTALL.rst, before:

Installation
============
dotfiles
--------
::

  cd ~ && git clone https://github.com/gvangool/dotfiles.git && mv dotfiles/.git . && git reset --hard && git submodule update --init --recursive

OSX
---
Install `Homebrew <https://brew.sh/>`__::

  /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"

Run ``brew doctor`` to check that everything is as expected
(``/usr/local/share/zsh`` was not writeable for current user on Big Sur).

Run ``brew bundle``, this will install cli tooling, dmg's and Mac Store apps
(from ``Brewfile``).

Settings: Keyboard
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Keyboard > Modifier Keys > Caps lock (map to Escape)
- Text:

  - Disable "Correct spelling automatically"
  - Disable "Capitalize words automatically"
  - Disable "Add period with double-space"
  - Disable "Use smart quotes and dashes"
- Shortcuts > Spotlight (disable or remap, want to use cmd + space for Alfred)

CentOS 7
--------
- Configure papertrail (with TLS!)
- Install extra packages::

    yum install -y git zsh epel-release
    yum install -y hfsplus-tools kmod-hfsplus
    yum install -y ntfs-3g ntfsprogs
    yum install -y tofrodos
- Install VLC::

    sudo rpm -Uvh http://li.nux.ro/download/nux/dextop/el7/x86_64/nux-dextop-release-0-5.el7.nux.noarch.rpm
    sudo yum install -y vlc

- `Install docker
  <https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/centos/>`__

Fedora 23
---------
- Install extra packages::

    dnf install -y git zsh vim tofrodos
    dnf install -y hfsplus-tools kmod-hfsplus ntfs-3g ntfsprogs
- `Install docker
  <https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/fedora/>`__
- Install VLC (from `rpmfusion <http://rpmfusion.org>`_)::

    sudo su -c 'dnf install http://download1.rpmfusion.org/free/fedora/rpmfusion-free-release-$(rpm -E %fedora).noarch.rpm http://download1.rpmfusion.org/nonfree/fedora/rpmfusion-nonfree-release-$(rpm -E %fedora).noarch.rpm'
    sudo dnf install -y vlc

Ubuntu 18.04
------------
- Install extra packages::

    sudo apt install -y vim git tofrodos curl zsh
- Switch to zsh::

    chsh -s $(which zsh)
- `Install docker
  <https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/>`__
- Install tmux (3.0a)::

    wget https://github.com/tmux/tmux/releases/download/3.0a/tmux-3.0a.tar.gz -O tmux-3.0a.tar.gz
    tar -xzf tmux-3.0a.tar.gz
    cd tmux-3.0a
    ./configure && make
- Extra fonts::

    apt-get install fonts-firacode -y
- Rust setup:

  .. code-block:: bash

     curl https://sh.rustup.rs -sSf | sh
     source ~/.cargo/env

  - Alacritty setup::

      cd ~/src
      git clone https://github.com/jwilm/alacritty.git
      cd alacritty
      sudo apt-get install cmake libfreetype6-dev libfontconfig1-dev xclip -y
      cargo build release

  - Tools from cargo::

      cargo install watchexec ripgrep fd-find
- Extra python configuration:

  - pyenv::

      git clone https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv.git ~/.pyenv
      # Build environment
      sudo apt-get install -y \
        make build-essential libssl-dev zlib1g-dev \
        libbz2-dev libreadline-dev libsqlite3-dev wget curl llvm \
        libncurses5-dev libncursesw5-dev xz-utils tk-dev libffi-dev \
        liblzma-dev python-openssl

Commit message:

Login to App Store before Homebrew, crate rename watchexec-cli

INSTALL.rst, after:

Installation
============
dotfiles
--------
::

  cd ~ && git clone https://github.com/gvangool/dotfiles.git && mv dotfiles/.git . && git reset --hard && git submodule update --init --recursive

MacOS/OSX
---------
Install `Homebrew <https://brew.sh/>`__::

  /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"

Run ``brew doctor`` to check that everything is as expected
(``/usr/local/share/zsh`` was not writeable for current user on Big Sur).

Sign into App Store (before running the rest of the Homebrew commands).

Run ``brew bundle``, this will install cli tooling, dmg's and Mac Store apps
(from ``Brewfile``).

Settings: Keyboard
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Keyboard > Modifier Keys > Caps lock (map to Escape)
- Text:

  - Disable "Correct spelling automatically"
  - Disable "Capitalize words automatically"
  - Disable "Add period with double-space"
  - Disable "Use smart quotes and dashes"
- Shortcuts > Spotlight (disable or remap, want to use cmd + space for Alfred)

CentOS 7
--------
- Configure papertrail (with TLS!)
- Install extra packages::

    yum install -y git zsh epel-release
    yum install -y hfsplus-tools kmod-hfsplus
    yum install -y ntfs-3g ntfsprogs
    yum install -y tofrodos
- Install VLC::

    sudo rpm -Uvh http://li.nux.ro/download/nux/dextop/el7/x86_64/nux-dextop-release-0-5.el7.nux.noarch.rpm
    sudo yum install -y vlc

- `Install docker
  <https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/centos/>`__

Fedora 23
---------
- Install extra packages::

    dnf install -y git zsh vim tofrodos
    dnf install -y hfsplus-tools kmod-hfsplus ntfs-3g ntfsprogs
- `Install docker
  <https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/fedora/>`__
- Install VLC (from `rpmfusion <http://rpmfusion.org>`_)::

    sudo su -c 'dnf install http://download1.rpmfusion.org/free/fedora/rpmfusion-free-release-$(rpm -E %fedora).noarch.rpm http://download1.rpmfusion.org/nonfree/fedora/rpmfusion-nonfree-release-$(rpm -E %fedora).noarch.rpm'
    sudo dnf install -y vlc

Ubuntu 18.04
------------
- Install extra packages::

    sudo apt install -y vim git tofrodos curl zsh
- Switch to zsh::

    chsh -s $(which zsh)
- `Install docker
  <https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/>`__
- Install tmux (3.0a)::

    wget https://github.com/tmux/tmux/releases/download/3.0a/tmux-3.0a.tar.gz -O tmux-3.0a.tar.gz
    tar -xzf tmux-3.0a.tar.gz
    cd tmux-3.0a
    ./configure && make
- Extra fonts::

    apt-get install fonts-firacode -y
- Rust setup:

  .. code-block:: bash

     curl https://sh.rustup.rs -sSf | sh
     source ~/.cargo/env

  - Alacritty setup::

      cd ~/src
      git clone https://github.com/jwilm/alacritty.git
      cd alacritty
      sudo apt-get install cmake libfreetype6-dev libfontconfig1-dev xclip -y
      cargo build release

  - Tools from cargo::

      cargo install watchexec-cli ripgrep fd-find
- Extra python configuration:

  - pyenv::

      git clone https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv.git ~/.pyenv
      # Build environment
      sudo apt-get install -y \
        make build-essential libssl-dev zlib1g-dev \
        libbz2-dev libreadline-dev libsqlite3-dev wget curl llvm \
        libncurses5-dev libncursesw5-dev xz-utils tk-dev libffi-dev \
        liblzma-dev python-openssl
